[NARRATOR] The nations
of the world continue
their fierce war of information
in the shadows.
And to keep an eye
on a leading figure in
Ostania's government,
Westalis began a
top-secret mission
called "Operation Strix."
With the master of disguise
known as Twilight at the helm,
phase one of the plan
has been completed,
creating a false
family as a cover
and enrolling his "child"
in the esteemed Eden College.
Said daughter has earned
one Stella Star,
the first of eight
required to become
one of Eden's exclusive
Imperial Scholars.
Now the mission moves
on to phase two,
securing an invitation
to attend the gathering
that will place Twilight
right next to their target,
Donovan Desmond.
[HENDERSON] Your next social
studies assignment
will be to research
an occupation
that piques your interest.
Feel free to visit your
parents' workplaces
or go interview workers at
a local shop or company,
for example.
Perhaps use your
parents' connections
to speak with dignitaries.
And of course, if you'd like
to know more about educators,
you may interview me as well.
I'll gladly tell you all about
our elegant profession.
Compile your findings
into a report
and be prepared to
present it on Friday.
So are you gonna
interview your father?
If I can catch him.
I think I'll take the
quick and easy route.
I'll just ask my dad
about his job.
What about you, Anya?
[ANYA]
Hmm...
A job investigation?
[ANYA] I'm supposed to ask
why you chose your job
and/or how you got your start.
Stuff like that.
And then they want me to watch
you work and take notes.
[YOR]
Uh. Watch me work?
Oh, boy, what should I tell her?
I mean, my profession?
Which one?
Okay, Anya, now pay attention.
I'm gonna show you what I do
for my second job, all right?
'Kay.
[YOR] At first,
I only started doing this
so that I could take
care of my brother,
but now I'm actually
proud of my work.
As the Shopkeeper always says,
this job is a noble calling
since we're risking our
lives for our country--
the same way a soldier
in the army does!
[phone ringing]
[YOR] Oh! That must be them now
with my next assignment.
It looks like this man
is our newest customer.
What a despicable
traitorous pig.
But I really shouldn't
sully your tender ears
with the list of awful
things he's done.
There's no time to waste.
You're gonna be
watching me in action.
Do you think you can keep up?
Yep!
[YOR] The Shop lets me know
how many enemies there are
and how the security
is laid out,
so all I have to
do is get inside.
I'll usually kill on sight,
but killing the wrong
person is a big no-no.
So I always study the briefing
documents carefully.
The key is confidence
in your skills.
[SECURITY A]
An intruder!
[YOR] What makes the job
so rewarding is the feeling
that I'm doing my part
to clean up this country.
When I think of all the lives
that are being saved
by what I'm doing, it really
puts a spring in my step!
In this line of work,
honing your body and
techniques are essential.
Plus, it's important
to know human anatomy.
I try to remember that
the target is human,
and the least I can do is
make their final moments
as painless as possible.
Make sense?
[MAN A screams]
[YOR] For example, if you
simply [beep] the [beep]
in someone's neck,
they'll die rather quickly.
You could also precisely
attack one's vital points
like the brain or heart.
Uh! Look at you, you're covered!
You know what?
Let's just tell Loid we went
to the tomato festival, okay?
[YOR]
Uh...
[ANYA] I think I'm gonna
investigate Papa's job.
Oh! Sure, that works!
And it's probably for the best.
Working at City Hall
can be quite rewarding,
but it might be a little
bit boring for you.
[TWILIGHT]
I'm home.
[ANYA]
Papa! Blah, blah, yadda, yadda.
Ah, yes. Understood.
I work in the hospital's
psychiatry department.
I made sure to tell them
in advance you're coming,
but don't bother anyone, okay?
Uh-huh.
It's huge!
[TWILIGHT]
Well, it is the capital's
most prominent hospital.
[TWILIGHT] A private
practice would've made
for an easier cover story,
but many high-profile names
from the political
and business world
frequent here.
This place lets me infiltrate
their social circles
and steal plenty of information.
Ohh.
I don't think anything I've said
is particularly noteworthy.
Also, why are you
dressed like that?
[ANYA] This is how
investy-gators dress.
[TWILIGHT]
I see.
[ANYA gasps]
Although most psychiatrists
don't wear lab coats,
I find that it completes
the look, as they say.
[TWILIGHT] Now, what did you
wanna know about my work?
They gave me a list of things.
But the first one was,
"Why did you choose this job?"
Why be a psychiatrist?
Uh... let me think.
You know how everyone
gets a cold sometimes?
Well, they don't only
get them in the body.
There are a lot of people
who catch colds
in their minds as well.
In gym class, Second Son said
I couldn't even catch a cold
'cause I'm too dumb.
[TWILIGHT] He did? Well,
let's try to ignore that.
But back on topic,
I thought it would be nice
to try and help those folks out.
The war may be long over,
but there are so many
people out there,
veterans especially,
who are still suffering.
[ANYA]
Ohh.
[TWILIGHT]
Desmond is a recluse.
I figured that if I'm lucky,
maybe one day he'll get sick,
and being a doctor would
give me an opportunity
to approach him without
arousing suspicion.
[TWILIGHT] I made up my mind
when I was in college.
[ANYA]
Next question.
What is the atmospear
like at your workplace?
[TWILIGHT]
You mean "atmosphere."
Why, if it isn't Doctor Forger.
And this must be the little one
we've heard so much about!
[TWILIGHT] These are my
colleagues. Say hello.
[ANYA] Pweasure to meet
your 'quiantenance.
She's adorable!
What a good girl,
here for homework!
Goodness! What a perfect little
doe-eyed princess you are!
Why don't you have a snack?
[ANYA]
Papa's workplace is paradise.
Sure must be nice.
Could you please tell me what
Papa's like at work, please?
He does everything
with such a sense of style.
He's so careful and kind
with the patients, too!
Your father's amazing,
young lady.
He became an indispensable
part of our team
as soon as he transferred in.
He never let it get to his head.
He's always respectful
and humble.
[DOCTOR G]
Ah, that reminds me.
My neurologist friend
was really hoping
you'd come to our next
meeting, Doctor Forger.
[PSYCHIATRIST A] The director
wants you to come golfing, too!
Are you popular, Papa?
Um. Well, I do try to
be sociable, at least.
I'll make sure to check in...
[TWILIGHT]
Maintaining a diverse collection
of contacts is essential.
It makes it easier to gather
info and forge new connections,
but what's more important
is being someone
that makes people think,
"What? No way he's a spy!"
I can't stand out
for being antisocial.
[ANYA]
"What? No way he's--"
Seriously, why do you
keep taking notes
when nothing significant
has happened?
[ANYA] Next, what is the
hardest part of your job?
That question's
a bit of a toughy.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm.
I'd say it's the fact that
the wounds we treat
aren't visible ones.
Doctors aren't wizards.
We can't read our
patient's minds
to figure out what's
going on with them.
[chuckles]
[TWILIGHT]
Why do you look so smug?
Since we can't just tell, we
have to observe their actions.
Without preconception,
meticulously and assiduously.
[TWILIGHT] Not unlike a spy
dealing with their target.
The biggest difference
being that, in the end,
spies betray that trust for
their organization's gain.
These are good snacks
y'got here.
[NURSE C] Oh, yeah?
Would you like some more?
[PSYCHIATRIST A]
How about some juice?
[DOCTOR G]
You wanna take an inkblot test?
[TWILIGHT]
This interview is over.
You're so serious.
I think it's one of his
best character traits.
I only wish we could get this
guy in a clinical setting
where he could really put
those skills to good use.
Apologies. I've just been
so busy with my research.
[TWILIGHT] I suppose the actual
hardest part of my job
is keeping it secondary
to my mission.
[PSYCHIATRIST A] Well, we should
be getting back to work.
[NURSE B]
I'll see ya later, Anya!
Enough questions. I wanna
see you in action.
Like, with a patient?
I'm afraid that would
be a violation
of patient/doctor
confidentiality.
And I really can't show much
of my research to you either.
I guess I can at least show
you the consultation room.
I don't plan on using
this space today anyway.
This is just a normal room,
not like the opertating one.
Well, we want our patients
to feel relaxed and at home.
[ANYA] Where's the
brain-fixing machine?
[TWILIGHT]
Did you pay attention at all
when I explained
what this job's like?
That's enough of that, let's get
to those other questions.
Seriously, what cartoon
did you get this from?
[ANYA] My homework's done,
and I'm bored.
[TWILIGHT] Hey, don't touch
anything without asking!
There's a lot of
important stuff in here.
[TWILIGHT]
Like the secret escape passage
behind this bookshelf
in case there's an emergency.
It'll open if she
turns the lever.
[ANYA]
Secret passage? Lever?
[knocking]
[TWILIGHT]
Must be a WISE agent.
Sounds like something
urgent's come up.
If you're done with
your assignment,
should we have Yor
come pick you up?
[ANYA] No, I can wait until
you're done with work.
[ANYA]
Being a spy is tough.
If you really want to, then keep
yourself busy with this.
We use this as
a diagnostic tool.
You can place the toys and props
in the sand however you want,
so get creative!
Sounds like fun, huh?
[ANYA]
Sounds boring.
And remember, don't touch
anything else, okay?
'Kay.
I'll be back in
about ten minutes.
[chuckles]
[FIONA] Some documents
concerning revisions
to the DSM should be
arriving by the weekend.
Understood.
[TWILIGHT]
A number of my fellow agents
have also infiltrated
this hospital
to help with my cover story.
Another mission.
You've made the necessary
adjustments to my schedule here?
[FIONA]
Of course.
Was that little girl you
were just with Anya Forger?
She seems quite attached to you.
Uh-huh, and she's
a real handful.
Oh, I'm shocked to hear
that someone can get
the better of you, Doctor.
Ah!
Exploring is cool!
This secret passage is so small.
[DOCTOR C]
Our discussion today
will be on psychic phenomena
and neuroscience.
[ANYA]
Some kinda serious meeting?
[DOCTOR C] Around five
percent of the cases reported
lack an adequate explanation--
[DOCTOR D]
Ha! Nonsense!
Anyone complaining about ghosts
and ghouls just has mythomania!
Perhaps they're hallucinations
caused by abnormalities
in brain function?
[DOCTOR D] Why are we
even entertaining this?
[ANYA] They're talking
about ghosts? So cool!
[ALL]
Hm?
[DOCTOR C]
Did you hear something?
[DOCTOR E] Uh, there's no
room above us, though.
[ANYA] Oh, no! They'll find
the secret passage!
It's... just our imagination.
[DOCTOR C] Anyway,
as for how we should handle
these kinds of situations,
I think it'd be in our best
interest to tread lightly--
[DOCTOR D] I don't have time
to argue about fantasy.
This meeting is over.
[gasps]
[ANYA] Oh, yeah. I gotta get
back before Papa does!
[gasps]
[ANYA] My leg's stuck!
I can't get free!
I'm in big trouble!
[ALL gasp]
[ALL scream]
There is definitely
something up there!
[DOCTOR F]
Is that a baby crying?
It's a ghost!
This must be what they
were all talking about!
[ANYA] I got it out!
Now I need to hurry back!
[rumbling]
It's gone?
I never believed it till now!
But there really is a ghost
of a baby who died
because of a doctor's
mistake haunting us!
[DOCTOR D] Uh, gentlemen,
let us continue the meeting.
[DOCTOR E]
Good idea!
[DOCTOR D]
From now on, if a patient makes
any mention of a ghost,
we take it at face value!
[sighs]
[TWILIGHT]
Glad that's done.
I wonder how Anya's
box turned out.
[ANYA]
Papa's close by!
I gotta hurry up and
make something, quick!
[TWILIGHT]
I'm back.
[ANYA] Wow, playing with
toys is so much fun!
Let's have a look.
Now, you might not believe this,
but that sandbox gives
us some insight
into the deeper parts
of a patient's psyche.
Looks like your
mind is... chaos!
This result is unprecedented!
I've never seen anything
like it before!
[ANYA]
I just dumped everything in.
[TWILIGHT] Why are there so many
half-buried dolls everywhere?
[ANYA] That's 'cause,
uh, they were all defeated
by the bad guy's
Rolling Sweep Attack.
[TWILIGHT]
What on earth?
I have no idea what that
means, but it sounds bad.
I've been so busy I didn't even
notice, but she's a disaster.
I mean, she was dragged
out of an orphanage
by a complete stranger,
of course she'd be under
a lot of stress!
[ANYA]
Uh, Papa, I don't think--
[TWILIGHT]
I'm sure she did the best
any child could
to endure it all.
But to see this darkness
burst out of her now
in this morbid spectacle!
No. Perhaps I just
didn't want to notice.
This is my failure,
as a parent and a spy.
I have to do something.
How about we head
home for the day?
We can stop at a bookstore
and get you the new
Spy Wars volume.
[ANYA]
Oh, yay.
And after dinner,
we can spend some time
putting together your report.
Did you take good notes?
[ANYA]
Papa, wait!
He'll see the spy stuff!
Uh! This is--
[TWILIGHT]
Illegible.
It's, uh... Yeah.
[ANYA] I'll get it together
and write the report myself.
[TWILIGHT]
Oh, yeah?
Well, that's great!
Such a good girl!
[ANYA]
Mama, we're home.
Welcome back you two.
Did you get to see Loid's
amazing concussive
therapy at work?
His what?
Yor, I assure you that is
just for extreme cases!
[YOR] The way he skillfully
punches and kicks his patients
is a sight to behold!
[ANYA]
Papa's a monster.
[BOND barks]
[TWILIGHT]
Yor, please!
[BOY B] And I realized I want
to work in this profession
when I grow up, too.
The end.
Good show.
Such an elegant report
that conveyed your
feelings on the career.
Next up... Anya Forger.
Papa's job is being
a sp-a spychiatrist,
or "feelings doctor."
He works very hard every day.
He takes stomach medicine and
stays up all night researching
so his patients can
have some piece of cake.
He said he wants to
help everybody
who has had a hard time
because of the war and stuff.
Wow, how noble!
[HENDERSON]
Yes, sounds like Loid Forger.
[ANYA] In order to build
trust with his targets,
he talks to them meticuloosely
and asidduly.
[HENDERSON]
Targets?
[ANYA] Papa is very desperate
to make friends.
He even plays golf at work and
uses a secret escape route.
Oh, and they give
you snacks there.
[EWEN] Snacks?
Is that a codeword for bribes?
[ANYA] And apparently, he
punches and kicks his patients
every once in a while.
[HENDERSON] Maybe I have
the wrong impression of him.
Is something the
matter, Twilight?
Nothing. Just a bad feeling.
[NARRATOR A] Loid was called
to the school a few days later,
but was able to
smooth things over
with his skills of persuasion.
[BONDMAN] "Top secret," huh?
Must be another mission.
It's a code.
Saturday at 0800 hours
come to the bridge.
[gasps]
[MYSTERIOUS MAN A] Hmm.
You actually cracked that code.
You're as elite as they say.
I'm gonna make a code, too!
[TWILIGHT] There she goes
playing spy again.
Hey, Anya.
[ANYA]
Top secret!
[TWILIGHT] No one's going
to be able to read that,
let alone crack the code.
[TWILIGHT] Her handwriting
is impossible to decipher,
even with my refined
decoding skills.
[gasps]
I've got the night shift.
Make sure you study, okay?
Nothing like the smell
of fresh laundry.
[ANYA]
Mama, I have a request!
Do you now? Well, what is it?
Could you write something for
me? Like, exactly how I say?
All right. Code's done!
Listen well. This is a top
secret mission. Tell no one.
I've got some mail for you.
Uh? Can I help you?
You need to put
stamps on the letters
and put them in
the mailbox, okay?
[gasps]
[ANYA]
The code has been rejected!
[YOR]
You shouldn't do that, Anya.
[ALL laughing]
[NEIGHBOR A]
I swear, it's true!
[ALL]
Hm?
What the--? What's this?
[NEIGHBOR A] Hm? It doesn't
really say anything.
Is it some sort of prank?
[NEIGHBOR B] Now that
I get a good look at it,
my son made something similar.
He was copying some cartoon
about spies, I think.
Oh, that explains it, then.
[NEIGHBOR A] Seems that
precious little girl's
always pretending to be a spy.
[NEIGHBORS laughing]
[FRANKY] Yo. What're you doin'
out here in the hall?
[ANYA]
Scruffy-head.
Loid home by any chance?
Man. Of course.
Well, them's the breaks.
I'll try later.
Huh?
And what's this?
Some kinda message from Loid?
Tsk. Tsk. Tsk.
I'm afraid it's top secret.
[FRANKY]
Uh...
[BECKY]
Hey, Anya! Good morning!
Uh. What's this? A letter?
Okay.
Oh, I know! Must be that quiz
everyone's talking about!
I'm afraid it's top secret.
Jeez. Anya,
you're such a meanie.
You can't just flaunt
something in my face
and never tell me what it is!
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA]
It's top secret!
Huh? The heck is this?
A secret code.
Just try and crack it.
So I have to do some
stupid puzzle
'cause you shoved
it in my face?!
That is not happening!
Man, I can't wait to see
who shows up tomorrow!
[ANYA]
You actually cracked that code?
Guess you're as elite
as everyone says.
[FRANKY]
Hm? Oh, yeah, that.
[FRANKY] I can tell it's
supposed to be some kinda code,
but, like, why?
Pretty nice handwriting.
Could it be from a woman?
It does smell nice!
Like good hand soap!
[FRANKY] Is it possible this is
some twisted love letter?
Be a sweetheart and give this to
that man. But don't tell anyone.
This romance is
top secret, okay?
All right. It's Saturday
at eight o'clock.
I'm here at the bridge
just like the cipher said.
[FRANKY]
Bet you thought you had me, huh?
But I'm the best informant
in the East and the West.
Cracking a code or
two is child's play
for a man of my caliber!
Though I didn't sleep a wink
because I was so excited!
And the morning sun wasn't
doing me any favors.
Crazy she'd call me
out here using a code.
I wonder where this agent works.
Or wait, maybe she's just
got a thing for mysteries!
Like, she won't
bother with a man
who can't crack the code of love
and come sweep her off her feet!
[alarm ringing]
Afraid that's top secret.
[inaudible]